So selling a stock doesn't work,
we get this maximum called stack size exceeded,
I do want to change the color of the box. So I'll give it to my stock.vue
file in the portfolio folder, the box color is easily changed by changing panel success to panel info
but now the question is why does selling not work?
I do have my sell stock method here and I create an order but
I don't pass the order here as it looks like, so that looks like a good reason why it doesn't work,
also after selling, I want to reset my quantity to zero,
so let's see if it now works.
If I now open the console again, clear it and sell,
we still get this error so that was not related to it.
So let's dig deeper, what's going wrong here?
Well it's an error which is good
that it occurred because it's something to watch out for,
I did name this method sell stock,
it's the one I execute if I click this button and I also map my sell stock action to be named sell
stock.
So both methods have the same name,
so whenever I click sell stock, it executes this method where I call this sell stock again and again
and it always calls itself again.
So to fix this, we have to rename either of the two functions and I will rename my action, map it to a
different name here in an object,
I will name it place sell order and bind it to sell stock in my store and then here, I call place sell
order.
Now with this in place with a capital O
though, with this in place, we should now see that if I try it again, now it works,
the stock is gone. Now to
also see if that changes our funds and so on,
we of course need to display our funds, so let's do that next.